Add solution for "jar not found" problem (#11030)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/installation/java.md

To automatically connect Java Lambda function logs and traces, see [Connecting Java Logs and Traces][12] for instructions.

> ### Typical problems
> #### Error opening zip file or JAR manifest missing : /opt/java/lib/dd-java-agent.jar
> Make sure to use java8.al2 or java11 as runtime as described above.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info"> Failing to use the correct Java runtime can result in errors like, "Error opening zip file or JAR manifest missing : /opt/java/lib/dd-java-agent.jar" Make sure to use java8.al2 or java11 as runtime as described above. </div>

```
